---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/open-game/published/1-the-dungeon-home-page/","tags":["gardenEntry"]}
---

# The Dungeon
The Dungeon is an open session Dungeons & Dragons 5th edition game run in Ha Noi, Viet Nam. It is run by [Ha Noi Crit Roll](https://www.facebook.com/HanoiCritRoll/), a small roll playing group.

## Overview
The Dungeon is inspired by classic dungeon crawls, fantasy manga, like dungeon meshi and Norse mythology.

It uses a lot of homebrew content, most of which is made by Ha Noi Crit Roll.

## The Setting
The world takes place in the year of 289 AD (After Dungeon). In a town called Faronfalla, located about 2 hours from a place know as "The Dungeon". 

The town was formed in respond to "The Dungeon" appearing about 300 years ago spilling monsters out in the surrounding area, threatening the lands.

A local lord at the time hired mercenaries to push the monsters back and these mercenaries eventually formed a group called "The Hunters Guild". Now on of the most prominent organisations in the area, and the only people allowed to enter "The Dungeon".

Many people have now been seeking to join "The Hunters Guild", to make a batter life for themselves, seeking fame and glory, or just to test their own strength.
### Table of Content
- The world
	- [[Open Game/Published/Town of Faronfalla/Faronfalla\|Faronfalla]]
		- [[Open Game/Published/Town of Faronfalla/POI/1. P.O.I.\|P.O.I.]]
	- [[Open Game/Published/NPCs/1. NPCs\|NPCs]]
	- [[Open Game/DMs Nots/The Dungeon/Level 1/1. Entarance\|The Dungeon]]
		- [[Open Game/Published/The Dungeon/Stalls & Servecis/1. Stalls & Services\|1. Stalls & Services]]
	- [[Open Game/Published/Hunters Guild/Quests/Quests\|Quests]]
- [[Open Game/DMs Nots/Gamerules/1. Rules\|Rules]]
- [[Open Game/Published/Player/Players\|Players]]


